Added a warning to `vue add vuetify` command (#12377)
vuetifyjs/vuetify: packages/docs/src/pages/en/getting-started/installation.md

vue add vuetify
```

<alert type="warning">

>   This command will make changes to your `App.vue`, components folder, vue.config.js, etc. If you are adding vuetify to an existing project, please make sure you  commit your code to avoid any data loss. Please refer to the `Webpack Install` section to install in existing projects.

Reviewer: The webpack install section isn't relevant for vue-cli. The template changes can also be skipped if you select the advanced install option after running `vue add vuetify`, not sure if that should be mentioned here though.

Reviewer 2: Its probably worth mentioning

>   This command will make changes to your `App.vue`, components folder, vue.config.js, etc. If you are adding vuetify to an existing project, please make sure you  commit your code to avoid any data loss. Please refer to the `Webpack Install` section to install in existing projects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  This command will make changes to your project template files, components folder, vue.config.js, etc. If you are installing Vuetify via Vue-CLI, make sure you commit your code to avoid any potential data loss. Template changes can be skipped by selecting the advanced install option during install.
```
